Cust:Hi
Bot:Hi, I am YW Assistant. I can help you on queries regarding water issues or taste and smell.--Hi, how's it going? I'm YW Assistant from Yorkshire water--Hi! I am YW Assistant. I can help you with inquiries on water quality
Bot:IMAGE--Water Quality Issue--Please choose the type of issue you may be having with the water quality
Cust:Water Taste or Smell
Bot:Looks like you are having issues with water taste or smell. Please help me by choosing one of the exact issue from below.
Bot:IMAGE--Chlorine Taste or Smell--The water has an identifiable chlorine-like taste or smell www.yorkshirewater.com
Bot:IMAGE--Chemical Taste or Smell--The water has an odd chemical like taste or smell www.yorkshirewater.com
Bot:IMAGE--Petrol or Diesel Taste or Smell--The water has a recognisable fuel like taste or smell like petrol or diesel www.yorkshirewater.com
Bot:IMAGE--Metallic/Bitter Taste or Smell--The water has an unique alkaline bitter or metallic taste or smell www.yorkshirewater.com
Bot:IMAGE--Earthy/Musty Taste or Smell--The water is an earth or dirt-like taste or smell www.yorkshirewater.com
Cust:chlorine
Bot:IMAGE--Chlorine Taste or Smell--Choose an option for more info or tap here to view website www.yorkshirewater.com
Cust:chlorine_to_do
Bot:To minimise the taste fill a glass jug or bottle with tap water, cover it and place it in the fridge. After an hour the smell or taste should have gone. We recommend using the chilled water within 24 hours
Bot:IMAGE--Anything else?--Watch on YouTube--What causes this?--Is it harmful?--Another query--That's all--Contact Us
Cust:chlorine_cause
Bot:By law we must disinfect all public water supplies. Most of the time we use chlorine-based chemicals to ensure water is safe to drink and contains no organisms which could cause illness. We only add just enough chlorine to disinfect it to minimise the taste and smell
Bot:Washing machines and dishwashers: A chlorine-like tastes can be cause by the hose which carries water from the supply pipe to your dishwasher and washing machine. Increases in water pressure can cause the flexi-hose to expand like a balloon. When the pressure is released, the hose collapses and can squirt water back into your supply pipe
Bot:IMAGE--Anything else?--Watch on YouTube--What to do?--Is it harmful?--Another query--That's all--Contact Us
Cust:chlorine_harmful
Bot:No. We only add enough chlorine to disinfect, whilst minimising taste and smell
Bot:IMAGE--Anything else?--Watch on YouTube--What to do?--What causes this?--Another query--That's all--Contact Us
Cust:contact us
Bot:IMAGE--Contact Us--We are here 24/7 to handle your customer queries. www.yorkshirewater.com
Cust:that's all
Bot:Thank you for contacting Yorkshire Water. Have a nice day.
